In the first module, you will gain essential skills in the world of cybersecurity pen-testing.
You'll start by learning how to connect to various services, such as FTP, SMB, Telnet, Rsync, and RDP anonymously. 
Next, you'll discover the power of Nmap, a valuable tool for identifying open ports on target systems, 
allowing you to assess their vulnerabilities.Lastly, you'll explore connecting to a MongoDB server, 
adding a valuable layer to your penetration testing knowledge. 
This module will lay a strong foundation for your journey into the realm of cybersecurity.

Learn how to connect FTP, SMB, Telnet, Rsync and RDP anonymously.
Learn how to use Nmap to identify open ports.
Learn how to connect to a MongoDB server.

To attack the target machine, you must be on the same network.
Connect to the Starting Point VPN using one of the following options.

1. What does the 3-letter acronym FTP stand for?
- File Transfer Protocol.

2. Which port does the FTP service listen on usually?
- 21

3. What acronym is used for the secure version of FTP?
- SFTP

4. What is the command we can use to send an ICMP echo request to test our connection to the target?
- Ping

5. From your scans, what version is FTP running on the target?
- this is my target version , you have differnt version of ftp 
	command : nmap -sV <target>
-vsftpd 3.0.3

6. From your scans, what OS type is running on the target?
	 command : nmap -sV <target ip>

7. What is the command we need to run in order to display the 'ftp' client help menu?
- ftp -h

8. What is username that is used over FTP when you want to log in without having an account?
- anonymous

9. What is the response code we get for the FTP message 'Login successful'?
- 320

10. There are a couple of commands we can use to list the files and directories available on the FTP server. One is dir.
 What is the other that is a common way to list files on a Linux system.
- ls

11. What is the command used to download the file we found on the FTP server?
- get

			Thank you!! Happy Hacking.


